FPGA: Added information about how to obtain BSP information in READMEs (#2189)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-samples: DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/ReferenceDesigns/anr/README.md

      ```
      nmake fpga
      ```

> >**Note**: If you encounter any issues with long paths when compiling under Windows*, you may have to create your ‘build’ directory in a shorter path, for example `C:\samples\build`. You can then run cmake from that directory, and provide cmake with the full path to your sample directory, for example:
> 
>   ```
>   > C:\samples\build> cmake -G "NMake Makefiles" C:\long\path\to\code\sample\CMakeLists.txt
>   ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note**: If you encounter any issues with long paths when compiling under Windows*, you may have to create your 'build' directory in a shorter path, for example `C:\samples\build`. You can then run cmake from that directory, and provide cmake with the full path to your sample directory, for example:
>
> ```
> C:\samples\build> cmake -G "NMake Makefiles" C:\long\path\to\code\sample\CMakeLists.txt
> ```
```

I might have gotten some of the syntax wrong, but the code snippet should appear inside the note box

Also, we shouldn't be using the weird fancy single quote marks
